Initial proposal for visual redesign (#16)
osu-tournament-rating/otr-wiki: api/objects/en.md

Optional fields:
| Field     | Type     | Description |
| :-------- | :------- | :---------- |
| endTime | timestamp |
| beatmap | Beatmap |

---

### Match

Represents an entire tournament match

| Field     | Type     |
| :-------- | :------- |
| id | integer |
| matchId | integer |
| mode | integer |
| games | [Game](#game)[] |

Optional fields:
| Field     | Type     |
| :-------- | :------- |
| startTime | timestamp |
| endTime | timestamp |
| verificationStatus | integer |

---

### MatchDuplicate

Represents a match suspected of or confirmed to be a duplicate

| Field     | Type     |
| :-------- | :------- |
| osuMatchId | integer |
| name | string |

Optional fields:
| Field     | Type     |
| :-------- | :------- |
| verifiedAsDuplicate | boolean |
| verifiedByUsername | string |
| verifiedByUserId | integer |

---

### MatchDuplicateCollection

Represents a collection of matches suspected of or confirmed to be duplicates of one another

| Field     | Type     |
| :-------- | :------- |
| id | integer |
| name | string |
| osuMatchId | integer |
| suspectedDuplicates | [MatchDuplicate](#matchduplicate)[]

---

### MatchIdMapping

> Represents a mapping of the otr match id to it's respective osu! match id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represents a mapping of the o!TR match id to its respective osu! match id
```
For the record I am not looking that carefully at the actual content, just the funny small things :)
